README.md, before:

# in-class-activities
## Devlogs
### W1
Metaphor: Shopping in a mall. The whole process is like exploring new things within Unity. When I saw some interesting tools, I would try them just like I walk into stores in the mall. But I still follow the direction as the guideline tells. But eventually, I will find out what I need to add on and run the game successfully. Overall, I think our first minigame project is preparing us for future projects, and I like what we are currently doing.

### W2
1. Variables r, g, and b are floats because they represent the color of the ball. Strings and booleans cannot be used as color variables. Integers can be used, but it will cause the color of the ball to change too quickly.
2. The _bounce is an integer because the amount of ball bouncing cannot be used as a float, string, or bool.
3. Some of the errors are missing a semicolon, and some of them are missing "f" behind the float.

### W3
Table 1: The input will be players who hit the beat, and the output will be the feedback music after hitting. I would like to set the input(player's hit) to be a boolean value, and the initial value is false. It changes to true whenever it gets hit, and the corresponding beat can play as output. After this process, the value of it will always default to false.


MonoBehaviour coding activity: the relationship between classes and components is more likely a show. The classes describe what components can do and how component play their role as being set. Method and member variable can be considered as a food bowl. The member variables are different sides, meat, and rice in the bowl. The method is calling each side and adding them together, and produces a finished bowl.


The ball becomes brighter every time it collides. When it collides, the function will be called and update the color of the ball. And the scene will show the updated color.


### W4
Table 1: The line 5 of the file, a variable is declared and the member variable is 1.0f. It defines an initial value so the program can apply it and update it if it is necessary. The line 22 of the file, variable translation is a float. The line should execute this: when players press "w" or "s", they are entering an input as a vertical direction, so the cat in the scene will move forward/backward as the speed it has been setting. The line 25 of the file, Translate is the method and be called. It also applies a translation variable in the (), which means that the game object will move a certain distance.

The goal should have a IsTrigger because it needs to detect whenever the ball is goaled or not; the soccer ball and cat should have rigidbody. 
My game is not prefect. I try to make the cat not floating in the air, but I could not figure it out still. And I need to fix the rigidbody to make it stands on the ground. 


### W5
1. I don't have questions for activity 1.
2. Plan of structure the DeerW5 Class: Firstly, I know that the deer will walk toward the target(red mushroom), and the member variable is _target. So we need NavMeshAgent as a target that allows us to attach in Unity, and what I do is  _agent = GetComponent<NavMeshAgent>(). I also make a function called start(), and it tells the deer to start walking once the game starts.




## Open-Source Assets
### W1
- Animals: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/animals-free-animated-low-poly-3d-models-260727 
- Low-poly environment: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/low-poly-simple-nature-pack-162153

Commit message:

Update bat's files and Devlog

README.md, after:

# in-class-activities
## Devlogs
### W1
Metaphor: Shopping in a mall. The whole process is like exploring new things within Unity. When I saw some interesting tools, I would try them just like I walk into stores in the mall. But I still follow the direction as the guideline tells. But eventually, I will find out what I need to add on and run the game successfully. Overall, I think our first minigame project is preparing us for future projects, and I like what we are currently doing.

### W2
1. Variables r, g, and b are floats because they represent the color of the ball. Strings and booleans cannot be used as color variables. Integers can be used, but it will cause the color of the ball to change too quickly.
2. The _bounce is an integer because the amount of ball bouncing cannot be used as a float, string, or bool.
3. Some of the errors are missing a semicolon, and some of them are missing "f" behind the float.

### W3
Table 1: The input will be players who hit the beat, and the output will be the feedback music after hitting. I would like to set the input(player's hit) to be a boolean value, and the initial value is false. It changes to true whenever it gets hit, and the corresponding beat can play as output. After this process, the value of it will always default to false.


MonoBehaviour coding activity: the relationship between classes and components is more likely a show. The classes describe what components can do and how component play their role as being set. Method and member variable can be considered as a food bowl. The member variables are different sides, meat, and rice in the bowl. The method is calling each side and adding them together, and produces a finished bowl.


The ball becomes brighter every time it collides. When it collides, the function will be called and update the color of the ball. And the scene will show the updated color.


### W4
Table 1: The line 5 of the file, a variable is declared and the member variable is 1.0f. It defines an initial value so the program can apply it and update it if it is necessary. The line 22 of the file, variable translation is a float. The line should execute this: when players press "w" or "s", they are entering an input as a vertical direction, so the cat in the scene will move forward/backward as the speed it has been setting. The line 25 of the file, Translate is the method and be called. It also applies a translation variable in the (), which means that the game object will move a certain distance.

The goal should have a IsTrigger because it needs to detect whenever the ball is goaled or not; the soccer ball and cat should have rigidbody. 
My game is not prefect. I try to make the cat not floating in the air, but I could not figure it out still. And I need to fix the rigidbody to make it stands on the ground. 


### W5
1. I don't have questions for activity 1.
2. Plan of structure the DeerW5 Class: Firstly, I know that the deer will walk toward the target(red mushroom), and the member variable is _target. So we need NavMeshAgent as a target that allows us to attach in Unity, and what I do is  _agent = GetComponent<NavMeshAgent>(). I also make a function called start(), and it tells the deer to start walking once the game starts.


### W6
1. [Vectors/vector math
How to use with a transform
Magnitude and Direction
Vector addition
Vector*scaler multiplication
Shortcuts:
=+
=-
=*
Different types of numbers: integers and floats
Game object speed
Game object distance
Game object size
Color setting with numbers
Comparing numerical variables
Using equations to update variables
C# Math class 📏
Week 2 Slides: https://canvas.eee.uci.edu/courses/77004/files/32699094?module_item_id=3456099
Week 5 Slides: 
https://canvas.eee.uci.edu/courses/77004/files/32983209?module_item_id=3472865](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_oQY0junK3b37PITxN8uItEEPKJGHvci47NArvtUxiQ/edit?tab=t.0)

2. Notes before coding: After playing the finished program and plain program, I believe the cat object is already be set and all we need to is coding for bats. I noticed that we have two file for bats. I think I will do most of the coding in BatManager and attach it later in the BatW6. 



## Open-Source Assets
### W1
- Animals: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/animals-free-animated-low-poly-3d-models-260727 
- Low-poly environment: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/low-poly-simple-nature-pack-162153
